hey what's up guys
today I'll show you an anthology horror film: "The Mortuary Collection"
hormones ahead, watch out and take care
the old man is the undertaker of the Raven's End Mortuary
one day, after concluding a funeral
he finds a young girl, Sam, waiting for him in the mortuary's foyer
Sam says she saw the job posting out front and wants to apply for the job
hearing that, the undertaker gives her a creepy smile and takes her to his office
seeing the house is full of books
Sam is so curious that she asks what the books are used for
he says those are all stories detailing how his deceased customers died and why
which arouses Sam's interest
then, she asks him to share a story
without any delay, he tells a fun story taking place in the 1950s
there was a girl named Beauty who loved to attend parties
since she was a thief however, she was not there to hunt guys' hormones but their wallets
at a party, while Beauty stayed in the restroom to examine the stuff she had stolen
she was attracted by the medicine cabinet there
she tried to open it but found it locked
so that she couldn't help but take out a little knife to bust the lock
unlike usual, it took quite a while for her to open it
and her finger got cut with blood dripping on the basin
without taking a look into the cabinet first
she went find the paper towel to stop the bleeding
when the cabinet's door banged shut
she found it weird
but didn't take that as a warning of danger
she tries to open it again at her full strength
finally, she did open the door but only to discover an octopus-like monster living inside
she screamed out loud and immediately closed it
she managed to press the door shut until the monster got quiet inside
then, she tried to walk out of the bathroom gently
but the stolen pocket watch suddenly fell onto the ground
the sound disturbed the monster once again
as a result, it stretched out its tentacles to catch Beauty
and dragged her to the cabinet
since the cabinet was too small
the monster broke her back to squeeze her inside
as the cabinet door closed, it got back to normal inside the restroom
upon hearing this story, Sam says it is childish
and asks the old man to tell one a bit more creepy
irritated by her words, the old man says he has a full truckload of stories to tell
and asks Sam to sign the employment contract first
seeing she signs it without any hesitation, he gives a creepy smile once again
then, while he shows her around the house
he begins the second story
once on campus, HormoneSmith was busy preaching to his fangirls about equality doctrine
and stressed its exact meaning that women were entitled to hormone freedom
as long as they did it with a hormone bag for protection
funny enough, he quoted Karl Marx to help persuade the girls
while passing out those free and cheap hormone bags
he invited those horny girls to a party that night
on the way back, he met a four-eyed girl and invited her to the party
to his great surprise, she immediately agreed to come
that night, HormoneSmith couldn't take his eyes off the pretty girl
who dressed up sexy without her two glassy eyes on
driven by the hormone effect, HormoneSmith took her to a room
right there, they flirted and ready for a hormone rocket
but before she was stripped off naked, she suddenly asked if he was scared
as a few nasty guys had been found missing recently
and he barely knew her, and what if she was the serial killer
however, what HormoneSmith wanted for now, was to get laid
and therefore, he went to bed with her at rocket speed
however, when HormoneSmith woke up the next morning
the pretty girl had gone and left her number on the mirror
but he didn't plan to contact her again and erased the number
unluckily, he found he got an itchy rash, which undoubtedly, the pretty girl gave him
he regretted it a lot
for he couldn't even get time to wear a hormone bag last night due to his rocket fast
in the hospital, while checking on HormoneSmith
the doctor heard some weird heartbeats inside his body
he got panicked and ran away
frightened by the doctor's reaction, HormoneSmith took a look at his labs
and found out he was pregnant with a baby
seeing his belly had become really bigger
he tried to call the pretty girl
and it's lucky her number was incompletely wiped out
then, he managed to get her address and rushed to meet her
however, his brothers suddenly showed up
and were ready to give him a surprise congratulation ritual
because after his successfully sleeping sixty-seven innocent girls
he's the right fit for the HormoneSmith right now
when they got him onto a chair and bounced it up and down
it's embarrassing that his womb broke, and the water flooded all over
later, HormoneSmith arrived at the pretty girl's house
her mother was not shocked to see him at all
but expertly prepared him for baby delivery
the pretty girl was angry to see HormoneSmith had become pregnant
and blamed him for not wearing any hormone bag
regardless of his pain of childbirth, she even flirted with her honey over the phone
HormoneSmith was so painful that he asked how a man should give birth to a baby
then, the mother told him that it's just like a woman
and the baby would come out in the same way it came in
later, HormoneSmith had a baby but died of difficult labor
and the mother took the baby to a room upstairs
when she accidentally stepped on a toy duck there to make some noises
many babies started to cry
the room turned out to be filled with newborn babies
showing that HormoneSmith bumped into the HormoneQueen, unfortunately
after the second story, Sam smiles with satisfaction
and says she likes it since it is very educational and ironic
the undertaker is encouraged by her compliments
and therefore, he goes into a third story right away
once right in the wedding ceremony, Wendell's beloved wife had a severe attack of illness
and since then, she became a vegetable
unwilling to break their vow "until death do us part" cut on the wedding rings
he looked after her with great care
however, as the days went by, this kind of life exhausted the poor man
particularly while seeing his wife's condition didn't get any improving
and the bills were piling up
he fell into huge despair
his family doctor sympathized with Wendell and decided to do him a favor
one day, the doctor gave him a bottle of painkillers
and implied that if a patient overdosed on it, he would die a quiet and easy death
that night, Wendell had them both dress up for dinner
while he said she was so beautiful tonight
and took out the statuette of a rabbit so beloved by her
but she was still unresponsive
he felt it's cruel and burst into sobbing
but wanted to have a last shot at it
holding her hand and begging her to give him a blink or shed a tear
seeing she still didn't respond
he finally built up the courage to put the ground-up pills in the porridge
and fed it to her
he loved her so much that he couldn't help crying
but thought it was better for both of them this way
yet after the porridge eaten up, he was happy to see she grabbed his arm
and he rushed to make her cough up the porridge
while he turned around
she fell forward and impaled her head on the pointed statuette
seeing the blood spreading the table, he realized he accidentally killed her
then, he planned to put the dead body into a trunk
and disposed of it without being caught
when finding the trunk was too small, he had an evil thought which was to dismember her
while the saw just touched her thigh, she suddenly screamed
which scared him, causing him to pull out the pointed statuette hastily
after that, he began dismembering her and packed all the limbs into the trunk
Wendell carried the heavy trunk into the elevator
when his neighbor was gonna take the elevator with him
Wendell frantically pushed the close button
and didn't care the neighbor's hand almost got hurt by the closing door
although he got rid of the neighbor, the elevator suddenly got stuck
then, he tried to open it with bare hands
and saw another neighbor standing right there
knowing she went to call the police, Wendell was scared
and used his jacket to wipe the floor covered with blood but only to get it worse
looking at the mess, he wanted to escape through the lift shaft
but fell on the floor
sitting right there, he broke down and took off the wedding ring to throw away
and said that he was not supposed to meet her, otherwise, all this wouldn't happen
suddenly, the elevator went down rapidly and lots of good memories came flashing back
while immersing himself in the memories, he smiled happily
right then, the wife's body rose from the trunk in one piece
to his surprise, she wasn't revenged on him
preferring instead to place the wedding ring back on his finger
this was their love story of "till death do us part"
later, the police arrived and only found Wendell had gone insane
that's all for the third story, which Sam doesn't get grabbed by
since it's about the same theme of Karma as the previous two
Sam thinks in real life, the bad guy wins very often
and tells her own story to prove that
not long ago, Sam was a babysitter
one night, while the little boy went to sleep, she made herself a meal
and saw the news that a psychopath just escaped
when a riot broke out at a local lunatic asylum
at last, the police reminded residents that they should take special care
and stayed inside
Sam didn't take the news seriously and continued cooking
soon, she was shocked to see an intruder turn up at the house
seeing the man's injured head covered in blood, she was sure he's the exact psychopath
she kept calm and friendly, asked him why he got hurt and brought some food to him
unluckily, the little boy's mother called and nervously said by phone
what the news reported about the psychopath known for targeting children
Sam noticed the intruder's face changed upon hearing that
and therefore grabbed the soup ladle to hit him
then, they had a life-and-death struggle
when he tried to choke her with bare hands
Sam said very strangely that he was not the killer
hearing that, the intruder paused and recalled that he didn't kill anyone
Sam just took the chance to shove him down the stairs
and then threw the TV at his head at her full strength
later, the parents got home and found the dead intruder
whose face had been badly mutilated
however, they couldn't find the boy and Sam until they opened the oven door
when hearing a loud 'ding', they found the baked little boy in the oven
it's revealed that Sam did it
actually, Sam is the true serial killer known for targeting children
and enjoys collecting the victim's teeth
as Sam finishes her story, she opens the little boy's coffin
and expertly pulls out his tooth
which she forgot as she left hastily after killing the intruder that time
meanwhile, the undertaker is stunned and fails to escape when Sam stabs him
in order to keep her story a secret, she has to kill the old man
however, the undertaker laughs out loud and reveals he is immortal
saying that the contract she signed has taken effect
which means she will take his place as the mortician
by the time she tries to leave the house, she discovers that she can't
as she has been trapped by the mortuary's mysterious power
in the library, the old man says she needs to pay for what she's done
before taking the new job
then, he uses his walking stick to tap the floor, causing books to fall onto the floor
and the ghosts of her victims begin walking out from the books
they want their revenge, and thus tear her into pieces
after taking back their teeth from Sam, they finally rest in peace
then, the undertaker splices the pieces of Sam's body together until dawn
and at last, he's freed from the curse as an atonement
with all done, he walks out of the mortuary and turns to dust immediately
as a sinner and the new mortician
Sam will be stuck in the mortuary until she atones for all her crimes
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out